Docs: Update Gas page language [Fixes #9054] (#9055)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/gas/index.md

### Block size {#block-size}

Before the London Upgrade, Ethereum had fixed-sized blocks. In times of high network demand, these blocks operated at full capacity. As a result, users often had to wait for demand to drop to get included in a block, which led to a poor user experience.

> The London Upgrade introduced variable-sized blocks to Ethereum. Each block has a target size of 15 million gas, but its size will increase or decrease in accordance with network demand, up until the block limit of 30 million gas (2x the target block size). The protocol achieves an equilibrium block size of 15 million on average through the process of _tâtonnement_. This means if the block size is greater than the target block size, the protocol will increase the base fee for the following block. Similarly, the protocol will decrease the base fee if the block size is less than the target block size. The amount by which the base fee is adjusted is proportional to the difference between the current block size and the target. [More on blocks](/developers/docs/blocks/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The London Upgrade introduced variable-sized blocks to Ethereum. Each block has a target size of 15 million gas, but the size of blocks will increase or decrease in accordance with network demand, up until the block limit of 30 million gas (2x the target block size). The protocol achieves an equilibrium block size of 15 million on average through the process of _tâtonnement_. This means if the block size is greater than the target block size, the protocol will increase the base fee for the following block. Similarly, the protocol will decrease the base fee if the block size is less than the target block size. The amount by which the base fee is adjusted is proportional to how far the current block size is from the target. [More on blocks](/developers/docs/blocks/).
```
The first suggestion in here is good, but I don't think the rest improves the content. They're slight rewordings that will knock back translations.

## EIP-1559 {#eip-1559}

> The implementation of [EIP-1559](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1559) in the London Upgrade made the transaction fee mechanism more complex than the previous gas price auction, but it has the advantage of making gas fees more predictable, resulting in a more efficient transaction fee market. Users can submit transactions with a `maxFeePerGas` corresponding to how much they are willing to pay for the transaction to be executed, knowing that they will not pay more than the market price for gas (`baseFeePerGas`), and get any extra, minus their tip, refunded.

Reviewer: nice catch

## Why do gas fees exist? {#why-do-gas-fees-exist}

> In short, gas fees help keep the Ethereum network secure. By requiring a fee for every computation executed on the network, we prevent bad actors from spamming the network. In order to avoid accidental or hostile infinite loops or other computational wastage in code, each transaction is required to set a limit on how many computational steps of code execution it can use. The fundamental unit of computation is "gas".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, gas fees help keep the Ethereum network secure. By requiring a fee for every computation executed on the network, we prevent bad actors from spamming the network. In order to avoid accidental or hostile infinite loops or other computational wastage in code, each transaction is required to set a limit to how many computational steps of code execution it can use. The fundamental unit of computation is "gas".
```

## Why can gas fees get so high? {#why-can-gas-fees-get-so-high}

> High gas fees are due to the popularity of Ethereum. Performing any operation on Ethereum requires consuming gas, and gas space is limited per block. Fees are used to pay for calculations, storing or manipulating data, or transferring tokens; each consuming different amounts of "gas" units. As dapp functionality grows more complex, the number of operations a smart contract performs also grows, meaning each transaction takes up more space within a limited size block. If there's too much demand, users must offer a higher tip amount to try and outbid other users' transactions. A higher tip makes it more likely that your transaction will get included in the next block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
High gas fees are due to the popularity of Ethereum. Performing any operation on Ethereum requires consuming gas, and gas space is limited per block. Fees are used to pay for calculations, storing or manipulating data, or transferring tokens; each consuming different amounts of "gas" units. As dapp functionality grows more complex, the number of operations a smart contract performs also grows, meaning each transaction takes up more space within a limited size block. If there's too much demand, users must offer a higher tip amount to try and outbid other users' transactions. A higher tip can make it more likely that your transaction will get into the next block.
```

Overall good changes here. Only suggesting we use the old version of the last sentence as its a bit more accurate.

> Gas price alone does not actually determine how much we have to pay for a particular transaction. To calculate the minimum transaction fee, we have to multiply the gas used by the base gas fee, which is measured in gwei.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gas price alone does not actually determine how much we have to pay for a particular transaction. To calculate the transaction fee, we have to multiply the gas used by the base gas fee, which is measured in gwei.
```

Old version was correct.

## Strategies for you to reduce gas costs {#strategies-for-you-to-reduce-gas-costs}

> If you are looking to reduce gas costs for your ETH transactions, you can set a tip to indicate the priority level of your transaction. Miners will 'work on' and execute transactions that offer a higher tip per gas, as they get to keep the tips that you pay and will be less inclined to execute transactions with lower tips set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking to reduce gas costs for your transactions, you can set a tip to indicate the priority level of your transaction. Miners will 'work on' and execute transactions that offer a higher tip per gas, as they get to keep the tips that you pay and will be less inclined to execute transactions with lower tips set.
```
Like the suggestion, think this might improve it a bit more
